Update backup docs with the troubleshooting section for Rafter (#6920)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/backup/10-01-restore-troubleshooting.md

kubectl delete service -l messaging.knative.dev/role=natss-channel -n kyma-system
kubectl annotate natsschannels.messaging.knative.dev -n kyma-system restore=done --all
```

## AssetGroup restoration fails due to duplicated default buckets

> Velero restores Kyma resources alphabetically, following the `kind` object order. This creates issues for Rafter as Valero first restores (Cluster)AssetGroups and only then the default (Cluster)Buckets. As the (Cluster)AssetGroup controller automatically tries to create the default buckets that Velero restored in the meantime, (Cluster)AssetGroups restoration will fail due to too many buckets with the `rafter.kyma-project.io/access:public` label.

Reviewer: As the (Cluster)AssetGroup controller automatically tries to create the default buckets when default bucket is not available...

> Velero restores Kyma resources alphabetically and asynchronously, following the `kind` object order. This creates issues for Rafter as Valero first restores (Cluster)AssetGroups and only then the default (Cluster)Buckets. When the (Cluster)AssetGroup controller notices there are no default buckets available, it automatically tries to create them. If Velero restores the default buckets in the meantime, (Cluster)AssetGroups restoration will fail due to too many buckets with the `rafter.kyma-project.io/access:public` label.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Velero restores Kyma resources asynchronously, following the alphabetical `kind` object order. This creates issues for Rafter as Velero first restores (Cluster)AssetGroups and only then the default (Cluster)Buckets. When the (Cluster)AssetGroup controller notices there are no default buckets available, it automatically tries to create them. If Velero restores the default buckets in the meantime, (Cluster)AssetGroups restoration will fail due to too many buckets with the `rafter.kyma-project.io/access:public` label.
```
